clarification of profile picture sync (#3652)
mattermost/docs: source/deployment/sso-ldap.md

1. Go to **System Console > Authentication > AD/LDAP** and set **Enable Synchronization with AD/LDAP** to `true`.

> 2. Scroll down to **Syncronization Interval (minutes)** to specify how often Mattermost accounts synchronize attributes with AD/LDAP. The default setting is 60 minutes. *note profile picture attribute is synchronized upon user login only)*

Reviewer: Missing a parenthesis or have an extra.  Should `Note:` be capitalized with comma or colon?

> 2. Scroll down to **Syncronization Interval (minutes)** to specify how often Mattermost accounts synchronize attributes with AD/LDAP. The default setting is 60 minutes. *note profile picture attribute is synchronized upon user login only)*

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
2. Scroll down to **Synchronization Interval (minutes)** to specify how often Mattermost accounts synchronize attributes with AD/LDAP. The default setting is 60 minutes. *note profile picture attribute is synchronized upon user login only)*
```

> 2. Scroll down to **Syncronization Interval (minutes)** to specify how often Mattermost accounts synchronize attributes with AD/LDAP. The default setting is 60 minutes. *note profile picture attribute is synchronized upon user login only)*

Author: ```suggestion
2. Scroll down to **Syncronization Interval (minutes)** to specify how often Mattermost accounts synchronize attributes with AD/LDAP. The default setting is 60 minutes. *Note: profile picture attribute is synchronized upon user login only*
```

> 2. Scroll down to **Syncronization Interval (minutes)** to specify how often Mattermost accounts synchronize attributes with AD/LDAP. The default setting is 60 minutes. *Note: profile picture attribute is synchronized upon user login only*

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
2. Scroll down to **Synchronization Interval (minutes)** to specify how often Mattermost accounts synchronize attributes with AD/LDAP. The default setting is 60 minutes. The profile picture attribute is only synchronized when the user logs in.
```
